WEBVTT Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello, hello, engineering mathematics b.sc students, is there a unique solution here or no solution, in this topic, I already uploaded a video when I started my YouTube channel 2 years ago, it was the second number video in which I had shared this content, go to it and watch it once again and in it you can see my every match video and a video on actress where I am teaching general aptitude and C share rate mathematics, if you are preparing for NET student and you want to do very well in your part, like you are preparing with life science, physics, chemistry, mathematics, then you can prepare very well from our new channel, for that also you can go to it and see the complete playlist here, so students see how we will do it, question on here, student first of all I want to tell you what is system of linear equations and ultimately what will we do, right, so students I want to tell you that any equation like if I say in front of you that this equation is  That 4x + 3y = 2 and given here 3x + 2y = 7 this is the equation of this step sir this equation is a system of linear equations and this no no imagine this equation if it becomes zero here then it becomes homogeneous right means both of these become zero or this is zero and this will become homogeneous and if it is non zero here then what will it be no no it is a genesis equation right so in this class we will discuss how we solve the normal genus equation here and how we find out whether the equation there is consistent or inconsistent or like what type of solutions are existing there it is clear so like this is D form like a one one x one we have to write it in this form right student let's talk about it here we can write it in matrix form like this but example I just took an example in front of you that an example  Let's take 4x1 + 2x. Here, take x1 x2, this is equal to five, and let's take 3x1 + x2 = 7. So, how do we write this in the standard form? We have to write it 4 2 3 1. And here, a goes to x1 x2, and this a goes to you, you have 5, 7. Right, we have to write this in the standard form ax=b. Right, this is ax = b. It is clear. Now I will give you a little knowledge, then we will move ahead. Right, now I have explained this side view to you here. It is clear. Now I want to tell you that the equation here, if we talk about its consistency, how will we know whether this equation is consistent or not. So, in this, I want to tell you what you will do. Now, here we will write the matrix, this is the full augmented matrix. This is called augmented matrix. By merging this a and this b, we have to write the break-and-break matrix. Right, its form is like this. How does it happen? It is like this: 4 3 2 1 double door  Double door and this will come 5 and 7, right, we have to write it like this, then we solve it and try to find its range here, right, now student, what happens, pay attention, I would like you to understand here one by one, pay attention, if the rank of A B student, now if the range of this matrix becomes equal to the rank of A, means the range of this matrix, the range of this matrix is ​​outside the range of this A matrix, which A matrix will be here, right, which will be 4 2 3, now I will take an example and you will understand, right, if its rate is equal to its range, then the equation is consistent, what do we say here, we call it consistent, it is clear, now what happens here, there are two concepts in consistency, one is unique solution and the other is infinite solution, clearly I would like you to understand here, there are two types of concepts, now when will the infinite solution be unique, when will it be infinite, pay attention, if the rank of heavy is equal to the rank of A, and this equals to the number of unknowns, example here  If we talk about it, here there are two variables x1 and x2, right, so student, it means that if its rank is also u, this is also u and the number of non b is u, then the solution in that case is unique, the equation is consistent and one solution exists in it, right, now let's talk about infinity solution, it means that the rank of, now if the range of a is equal to a, then right, but the limit number of non b is n, right, it means that its rank also becomes one, its ring also becomes one, both are one, one is equal, but the number is u, so what is the solution that exists in this case, it is infinity solution, right, after that the next topic comes, the second topic, right, this is the first, which becomes equal, pay attention, I explained to you further, the vegetable is that the ring of a should not be equal, right, both should not be equal, that means its ring should be u, whose ring should be u, its rank should be one, both should not be equal, right, so the equation which exists here is infinity solution and here  But the solution is no solution, right, this needs to be kept in mind and this is its total conclusion and by applying this concept we are going to solve the questions, right, so see student, here someone is talking about consistency and nonconsistency in the solution of non-homogeneous equations by the solution of the system of equations, they mean that the field set of the value of the unknown, this which satisfies the living equation, but there are no clear data of the equation, do not always have a solution, so the same story is being told to you here that like we have given this equation, this is a question, student, I am talking about 2/2 variables, normally the same concept will be applicable for three variables also, the same concept will be applicable for four variables also, right, now let's talk like you have one given, right, I tell you done, here its value is equal to three, right, this one You have the equation given, right? Now you have to find out whether it is consistent or not. So, students, we can easily check its consistency here because both the equations are different. If both the equations are different, then what happens in that equation? It is consistent. Right, so this equation is constant and its solution will be unique. You can check it here. If you check it, what will come out? One will come, three will come, one will come, -1 will come. Right, and if I reduce it, what will I make here? This is three and this is one. Right, we will calculate its matrix. It is clear. Now I want to tell you how its rank is calculated. Right, in this, if you want to find out how the rank is calculated, you can go and watch my video on rank. Right, how its bin rank is calculated, we will subtract it from this. So, you can take one above it, it will be better to subtract it from the lower level. Otherwise, you can also multiply it by one. So what will happen in this, R0 and R0 minus two and subtract it.  If you do this, what will come here, student? If we multiply 200 by 2 - 2, what will happen here? This will be 2, 3, and three times 200. If we multiply by zero two, we will get minus five. So, student, you are seeing this matrix A. You are seeing this matrix A. Hide this matrix. This is A matrix. Right, the rank of A matrix A is how much A is it? You are not and now the rank of the matrix A is also how much A is it. Student, here you are getting A. It is clear and the number of unknowns is how many unknowns we have. So, what is this equation? It is consistent. And here we do the unique solution exercise. Now your mother will ask, Sir, if there is a unique solution, then tell me what will be the answer? Right, how can we write it back? Pay attention, I am removing it. We can write it back in the form of x + y. If we write it with x, what will come out? 2x + 3y = 3. And this will come out.  5a of minus = -1 so in this, the value of a here will be how much a will be one by five a and by taking the value of a and keeping it here, you will have the value of x a right so in this way we can solve the question here clear next now let's understand the second example right let's understand the second example okay let's understand this example right this one I want to tell you this is a question from both see if I multiply the tax from here and divide it both the equations are right so the meaning of eating is when these two equations are ultimately the same equation and when there is only one equation then infinite solution exists there the equation is consistent and infinite solution exists but you will say sir tell me from the concept then I will tell you your answer here look here like if you want to do this question then how will you write what will come here look here this 2x so I will make its matrix only I am creating its matrix, is n't it? I am creating its matrix, it is clear, I am creating its matrix, right. So, now I will create its matrix, it is clear because we don't have this space, so now create the matrix, right. What will come from the student's matrix, it will come 2 3 7 double dot, and this will come to you 8 12 dot, right. Now put transportation in it, make it zero. With the help of this, you have found the rank, right. So what will happen, student, r2, r2 - 4, multiply it by 4 and then mine it, sorry, multiply it by 4 and then mine it, right. So, if you multiply by 4 and then mine it, 2 3 7 and multiply it by 4 and then mine it, then 8 becomes zero, then r1 multiplied by 4 will become zero, so 28 - 28 will become zero, right. So, you are seeing this matrix, and the range of this 2 matrix is what, now let's see the range of the battery, you have 2 A, see, it is clear, sorry, you are seeing the number of unknowns in this world. How many do we have? You have x and a, so this is smaller than the number of unknowns. That means what will be the equation here? It will be consistent, but what will be the solution? It will be infinite, right? An infinite solution will exist. Now, infinite solutions will raise a question in your mind, sir, how will the solution be found? Right, I will tell you how the solution is found. It is clear, see, you try to understand here. I am going to take more examples in the future. Understand how to write it. You can write it again as 2x + 3y = 7. Let us take it equal to a =. Here, you take the value of a, that is, take 60. Okay, take 60, reduce it, take t. But, take t. If you write the value of a, then if I put 2x = t in it, then it will become 7 - 3t. It is clear, if we divide it, then what will come here? 7 - 3t / 2. If we take the value of t once, we will get a different answer. So a different answer will come. If we take three, a different answer will come. If we take five, a different answer will come. Right, so many values ​​will satisfy this here. Right, so what will be the solution here? It will be infinity. It is clear. Now let's talk about the third example. Right, what is the person saying in the small example? Let's see it once, then you will understand. The student reads the example. Right, 2x + 3y = 7 and 4x + 6y = 20. This student here has no solution. Now you will say, Sir, he is reading very quickly. Look here, from here you subtract the sum here. So, look here, 2x + 3y and after subtracting the sum, you divide it, then the back here will be 10. So, see, 2x + 3y is also 7 and 2x + 3y is also 10. Note this, brother, 2x + 3y is also 7.  2x + 3y is also 10 which is not possible, is it not possible, it is going wrong, right? That is not possible, so anyway what will happen here, there will be no solution, but I want you to understand how to solve the question, so see student, when such a question comes, then what do we do, pay attention, this will come 2x + somatic, we would have made a listen matrix, right, then we make its augmented matrix, right, I have agreed it matrix, in this I pay attention, 2 3 7, this will come student, four six and 25.  Mince this, so what will we do in this, transmission r2 will become r2 -2r1, right, multiply it by two and then mine it, the second one will be 2 3 7 and multiply it by 2 and then mine it, multiply it by zero, multiply it by two, then mine it by zero, multiply it by two and then mine it, so six, so student, you are seeing, here the rank of A B which is A, how much A is it with us, student, you are seeing it, the entire line is not becoming zero, right, this is complete, now this entire A B is Atri, so its ring is A, question, you are seeing the rank of A which is A, hide this, so this is A matrix, right, this is A matrix, so the ring of A matrix is ​​one A, see, here it is one A, right, this is one A, right, so you are seeing, how much A is it here, it is one A, so the rank of A B is not equal, the rank of A and Champa are not equal, so what is the equation here, it is inconsistent and there is no solution here  Exists means you cannot find the solution, right, so this is the concept, I am going to explain it in the entire video tomorrow, right, let's see further, student, I have already told you here in concession from there, right, next student, I told you that if the rank of agriculture is not equal to the rank of A, then it will be inconsistent, there will be no solution, rank of A B is equal to the rank of A B is equal to the number of non, then there is a unique solution, it is consistent, rank of A B is equal to the rank of A, let us give the number of non, so what will happen here, we will have infinity solution, right, please I explained it to you, let's see this question here, I try to understand from the question, whenever you are asked this type of question, what will we do, now we will take the matrix here, see, first of all, if you want to write it like this, then write what will come here, 2 - 37, this will come three one minus three, you will write 19 - 47, what will come here, we will have x a s, that is, here we will have 5 13  32 and we know that the student has to write ax=b then what will we do here now we will write the matrix in it right so now we will apply the matrix date this full argument it is matrix right so this will also see the matrix here sorry enemy will write the matrix so now what will be the matrix pay attention here write the A matrix what will be the matrix see you have 2 - 3 and 7 right and this R you have 3 1 - 3 and give this A is 29 - 47 right double door double door double door and this is the B matrix write 5 13 and 32 it is clear this is given to us right now what will we do in this here I told you whenever you have to apply the concept of ring then what will we do first of all whenever such a question is asked then you have to make both of these zero with the help of this and give what will you do after that student will make it zero your question will be over right how will we do it pay attention we will make both of these zero so see what normally happens in books what do we do first make it one then do it brother you do that  The other method is also correct but there are chances of calculation mistakes in it, so you should try this method, the answer will come from this also and there will be no problem, right what will we do, now look, we have to make this zero, right, to make three zero, so what should I do, if I multiply it by three, it will become six, good, right, what transmission will we have, pay attention, what transmission will we have, we are multiplying r2 and r2 by 0 - 3r1, do you understand or not, now what should we do, we have to make this one zero, look here next time which one has to be made zero, pay attention, we have to make it zero, 0, this is happening straight, we have this, this is happening straight, pay attention, what happened, look here r3, r3 is happening straight, what is happening r3 - r1 is clear, so we will directly create this matrix, so what will happen in it, pay attention, this will come 2 - 3 7 double dot and five, right now let's calculate it, right, I will do this here  I am going to solve r2 right so student how much a is left with r2 we have to multiply it by 0 right three will come six and give 2 I am writing it like this, I am writing it vertically like this minus six and 26 right now what will we do with minus three r one multiply by three give minus six what will happen plus nine clear minus one what will we do with minus here 3 * 3 = 9 and minus one plus 21 right and this will come out to be minus 15 this will come to you 11 this will come out to you how much minus 27 and give student how much a is left with here you have this a is gone by 15 so 54611 getting my point note so let's do it this way here next now let's take out the next one what is the next one pay attention in this here next we will talk about how to do it so student is directly getting minus from 0 then 0 is gone by this minus one so this will become 21 and 22 because  19 minus minus three will become plus right - 47 - 7 so the minus will become 54. Five goes out of 32. Right, five goes out of 32. So, how much back do we have? Look here, 32 + 5 32 - 5. So, 32 - 5, this you have 28A, it is clear. What is it doing on this world? We have 28A, it is clear. So, it is straightforward. 28A will go, we will tie it here. Look, tie it and mine it. Right, we will tie it and mine it. So, what will happen? Pay attention, if you price the student and mine it, what will come here? Pay attention, if five goes in, then third 27 will be left. Sorry, this is 27. Right, this is 27. I am making a mistake. 27 will come, it is clear. If 32 goes out of 27, then 27 will be left. Clear. Student, what will we do? We will mine it. So, what will we do with its help? Look, this r3 density, what will come here? r3 - 2r1 is clear. Like this  If we mine, how much will come here 2 - 37 density will come here what will come 0 11 - 27 give this, this will come to you give 11 as soon as we mine this then this zero A will go in it, this zero A will go and this zero A will go and this 25 place so how much will be left here 5 will be left think this will come but you are seeing in this I want to tell you that here I remove this here, right you are seeing here that the rank of A that we have is this, this is ring of A, right this is total ring of A now so ring of A now what is A we have, student ring of A now we have three A and ring of A in this the ring of A which is A how much is A, you are A, right hide this so this is A matrix and what is its range A I have T A so you are seeing ring of A here now note it equal to ring of A so this equation is inconsistent what will we write here this equation is  Inconsistent no solution, okay, right, next question, see student, how is this also a similar question, we are going to apply the same concept in this, see, I am writing the same here directly because we have already explained that concept to you, so now make this matrix directly, so what will be the matrix, its five three seven density will come, give 3 26 2, this will come to you, give 7210, what will come here in this, pay attention, this will come, four nine and five, clear, applying the concept, we will apply transmission, right, we will make both of these zero with the help of this five, right, so student, see, multiply this by 5, multiply this by five, multiply this by three, right, 15 15 will become zero, right, so what will happen, here five r 2 minus three r 1 and multiply this by 7, see, what will be the next transmission, what will be the next transmission in this, the next transmission will be here, we will multiply this by seven, if we do this by 5, then see, 35 35 will become zero, then this will come  r3 we will do this 5r 3 - 7 r1 right now you say this in many books, teachers say no make it one then do it, no one is going to read the difference, it is an equation brother we can multiply it and then minus it, it is an equation only, we are solving this equation right so listen see here how will we do it pay attention here we will create a matrix again it is clear so see what will happen here student first of all five r you will calculate it and tell me right 52 r2 we will multiply by five how much will it come 25 this will be you have 15 oh sorry we have to multiply five by r2 right I am doing it wrong I am multiplying five by r2 so we will multiply five by eight you will get how much will it come 15 right and this by r2 the second five will come 130 it is clear if we multiply by five then 10 and multiply by 5 then 45 right now next I will multiply this by three  15 will remain, if we multiply it by 3 then it is nine, right? If we multiply it by three then 21 will multiply this by 3. 15 - this is the term, today it will come 53 724. What will come in this, you will have zero, this will come, you will have 121 and this is 11 minus 11 and listen, you will have 33 getting my point and note, it is very easy, understand it, you move ahead to the next concept, what will be the next calculation, pay attention, right, let's understand the next calculation, right, let's calculate r3 here, in r3 we are multiplying by five, right, this will come to 35 and this will come to 10 and this will come to 50, this is clear and if we do this only then we will get 25 plus it minus now it will be called 7 r1, so we will do it with 35 plus it, 7 * 3 = 21 plus it, so 49, right, we will do it with 7, so 28 of 700 is clear  So look in this, here there is a zero, here there is a, this is 11 of your minus and I think -11 is a, it is clear and here we will do it, three one is a and in this you will do it from here, its value is -3.5, so we will do it in this way here, so student see how you will do the next calculation, now what will we do in this, just subtract it directly, now we made it zero, in this we multiply it by 11 and add it, then what will we have, r3 11 r3 plus your decrease will be complete, I am writing it here, I am writing it here, so what will come, see, 5 3 7 4, this is also a matrix, right, let's see, in this 0121 - 11 and -33 and in this, as if we multiply it by 11 and add zero, it will become zero, it will become zero, it will become zero, it will become zero, right, you are seeing the rank of the student here, now we have the rank of this entire matrix. That is you and the ring of the matrix is ​​also you, so the rank of now we have you, but this number of here is three which is the number of unknown, right, so what will be the life equation here, the life equation is consistent, is n't it, and after consistency, what is the solution here, and so and life equations consist and Devar, Devar, it has infinity solution, whenever this happens, what happens, there is infinity solution, is n't it, infinity solution, right, and if there is infinity solution, then you will say, Sir, tell me the solution, then you can find the solution, you make its equation, what happened, in this, here 5x + 3y + 7z = 4 and if you write it here, it will come to 121 x o sorry a 121 because this wire, right, so 121 is the same -11 s = - of 33, here you can take the s as t or take s as t, like s  If we consider it as a cube, then if it goes there then the value of a will go to you, if a goes here then it will become 11t - 33 / 121 and take both these values ​​and put them here then you will have the value of x as it means the value of x is dependent on t, t can be anything here so what will be the solution here it will be infinite right next question see student here we have the equation a right so how do you solve this type of questions make a matrix from there its agreement matrix right from there listen listen what will we do here first we will write this then this will come 1 and this will come you will have 2 0 and 4 here this will not come 3 3 2 1 I have written this line second here we will give 0 10 3 - 2 and this will come you will have 2 - 3 - 1 and 5 right apply transmission restaurant here we will apply transmission on both of these so what will we have student r2 and this will be  r2 - 3r1 and this will come to us r4, that is, r four minus r one, right, put the transmission, what will happen in this, as soon as we put the transmission, 1 2 0 and 4, if we minus this by 3, then zero will come, if we minus this by 3, then 6 - 3 will come, in this, if we minus this by 3, then 2 will come, it will come, if we minus this, then 12 - 1 will come, then it will come to 11, we are going to do the same in this world, right, here also we are going to get that value, so this will come to you, zero tan 3 - 2 and here the transportation will come, it is clear, student, we will make both of these zeros, as soon as it comes, I will put you the transmission, I will write the transmission, what will we put for you, student, first of all we will talk about r3, ten on r3, multiply it by this and three, right, so what will happen here, pay attention, we will multiply it by 10, that means we will multiply by 3, so it is three r three, and if we do this, this will come to you, we will have to add plus 10  r2 will become right and here we will get r4, so friends what will we do in r4, pay attention what will be the transmission in r4, look here what will you do here, you will multiply it by 7, you will do it by 3, right, then this will come to us 7r4 - sorry 3r434 -7r2, I will make the final matrix, so after calculation what will the matrix that will come to you, see here in that you will get 120 and de4 will come here and degaz zero one nine and DNA will come 35 of minus on this world, when you do it then zero zero 29 and degaz zero of minus will come, and the rest all will become zero zero and zero here, it is clear when you solve it, you are seeing the density here, you are checking the rank of A B, so how much A we have here, it is three A and we are seeing the number of also we have three A, is n't it, the number is three, so we  Let us know what will be the life equation here, it will be consistent and there will be a unique solution here, what will be the unique solution, right and if there is a unique solution, then how will we write it, write it back in equation form, so it will become x + 2y = 4, here it will come, we will have a + 9z = -35 type, we will get the equation 29z = -16, right, so you will see the value of s here, how much will we get, the value of s will come to us here, as if we divide this, then the value of s will come to us -4, right and if you take this value of s and put it here, then the value of y will come to you and I will write the value of x, you will get the value of y here, you will get one and how much x will come to us, we will get 2, so in this way we solve the equation here, right, so see next student, next question, student, this is a very good and important question, such questions are also asked, you are being asked that on  What value of λ and μ, this equation has no solution, unique solution and infinite solution, so see how to do this type of question, so I am creating a matrix here, so see, the student will come here, give us one, one and six, here we will have 1, 2, 3 and 10, and here we will have 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, and 10, right, now what we have to do is to make these two zeros with the help of this, so what will be the transmission we will have, r2, r2 - r1, and r3, r3 - r1, right, so if we apply transmission in this, I will write it here, if we apply transmission, what will be the matrix that you will get, now what will the matrix become, pay attention, if we apply transmission, what will happen, this one, one and this will come, and if we minus this, we will get zero, and if we minus this, we will get one, and this will come to you, 2, and this will come to you, 4, right, and if we minus this, we will also get zero, one, and this will come to you, you have 1, 2, and this will come to you, right You have μ-6 right, we will put a transmission, we will make it zero, so what will be the transmission that we will have to make it zero, pay attention, what will be the transmission that we will have here, r3 r3 - r2, right, if we do r3 - r2, what will we get, see, 1 1 means we will get six, we will get one n 012 and this will give you 4 and when the transmission line here becomes zero, zero will come and if we mine it, then lambda -3 will come and μ-10 getting my point and note now pay attention, you are being asked here, when does no solution happen, student, when the rank of A B first gas first how are we discussing, the rank of A B is not equal to ring of A, right means its ring becomes three and its ring becomes one and when will its ring become three when this not equal to zero, means what should this μ-10 be, note equal to zero and this should become zero, right, so student, what will happen here in this how, means that μ -  It should be strange that note should be equal to zero and lamina minus three which should be zero should be zero. In this equation we will have a solution like if we keep labra three then it will become zero and if we do not keep 10 here then it will become non-zero so its rank will be 0 and its rank will be 3 so we will get 9 solution right so this is the answer to the first one so this is the next unique solution what is the unique solution when the rank of ab becomes equal to the rank of a and this number of unknown number of them we have three excise is m and labra is not unknown right so what happened is when this rank will be when this also note equals zero and this also note equals zero right this means that labra -3 note equals 0 so this will reduce the note equal to 0 because even if it becomes zero then also its range will become 3 so we have only one condition that is λ this note equals 0 three right so what do we have in this equation  It will be a unique solution, meaning that μ can also be 10, note equal to 10, right, it can also be infinity. When does the solution occur when the rank of a becomes equal to the rank of a and both are equal to what, right, meaning it will become 0, this will also become 0, right, so it will become 0, meaning what happens here, this becomes equal to 0 and which gives it the number of those ladies three, right, so when will it occur when its value also becomes zero, pay attention here, what will be its value, you will have zero, meaning both will become zero, this will also become zero and this will also become zero, right, so it means that if μ minus three becomes zero and μ - 10 becomes zero, then here it means that the value of 3 and μ will be 10, then what will be our solution from here, it will be infinity, so in this way we solve this question here, so see next, next  This is also a very good question and it is also asked a lot in the exam. So, in this also we will now create a matrix. What will be there here? Here, you have to check for which solution here. So, one one and one two four and one four 10 and what will we get here, student, this will be one lebra and lebra square. Again, we will apply transmission to this and make it zero by adding this, so this will come to us, r2, r2 - r1 and r3, this will come to us, r3 - r1. If we mine this, what will come here, pay attention, this will come to us, 1 1 and this will come to us, if we mine this, then 0 1 3 and lambda - 1, if we mine this, then 0, this will come to us, three and this will come to us, right, and this will come to us, lambda square, mine one, it is clear, since we mine this here, it is nine, right, now what will we do with this, we will do 0 by adding this, so the transmission here we will have will be r3  r3 -3r1 If I apply this transformation then I will write the matrix here right so what will be the matrix that I will get in it, see in it, if I apply this transformation what will be the matrix that I will get, one one and one will not come in it one n zero one three lbr minus one and listen, if I apply transformation here it will become zero, this will also become zero because it will be minus three, zero will be minus three, so zero right and will be minus this by three so in this I simplify it so if this lamda square -1 and we will minus this, multiply it by 3 and give it 3 level minus one right, so if you check in this then I will subtract one from here in lbr minus because its level will be plus one inside plus one minus three right, a + b * a - b so this will come to us as lbr minus one in lbr minus one right so its factor angle λ - 1 * lbr minus one will come, it is clear, this factor will remain with us right now I have told you the solution and solve it  Complete in this how right you are discussing all three how first of all  I will discuss when will no solution exist here when this note equals zero if this note equals zero then we know that the rank of λ will be what we have and the rank of λ will be three right when will it happen if λ is not equal to one and λ is not equal to one then it will never be zero so this will happen next we will discuss when will there be a unique solution in the big game of n unique solution in this here unique solution will never exist because why will it never exist because the rank of λ is λ which is the finite number of times right because this rank of λ is λ which is the finite number of times so here unique solution will never exist right so the λ note exists it will not exist for any value it is clear next let us talk about infinity solution so infinity  What is a solution, pay attention, when is the infinity solution, when is the rank of A, B, C, and this whole also becomes 0, right, so look here, what do we have, rank of A, you are A, by the way, you are A, rank of now, when will we have 0, when will we need 0, if the value of λ becomes one and 0, if 0 is one and 0, then 0 will become zero, and in that case, what will happen to the rings of both, 0 will become 0, so student, what will happen here, there will be an infinity solution, and if limA is n = 1 and 2, then there will be 9 solutions, and here the unique solution will never exist, right, student, this is the last question, and I would like you to discuss this question, still, I have left this for the comment box, when will there be a unique solution, when will there be an infinity solution, for these three cases, you can tell me in the comment box  I have to tell you by doing it, right, so thank you, so keep watching me on match and I think you must have understood the topic that I am teaching, the next class that I am going to take is on Homo Genius System of Linear Equations, where I will tell you how to solve equations in Homo Genius of Linear System, so in the last is my video, this is a general series, yes, but I have done it on general aptitude, I am teaching NET, this is a series for me, where I have taught all the topics and I am going to take more topics in future, so thank you, so keep watching me on match, like, share, keep commenting, thank you